Update certificates creation intro warning (#61)
infinum/ios-handbook: Project flow/Certificates, provisioning profiles and APNS.md

> NOTE: Once a certificate or key from this chapter is created, it should be sent to the Lead Engineer so that they can securely store it! 
>

> > Before you go and create a new certificate, check with LE if the certificate you need already exists. If we have that certificate securely stored, you should use it, instead of creating a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before you go and create a new certificate, check with LEs if the certificate you need already exists. If we have that certificate securely stored, you should use that one instead of creating a new one.
```
